= Hunt

Insanely stupid and basic indexed search for MongoMapper. Probably pointless, but something I am playing around with on side projects.

== Usage

Declare the plugin.

  class Note
    include MongoMapper::Document
    plugin Hunt

    key :title, String
    key :body, String
    key :tags, Array
    timestamps!

    searches :title, :body, :tags
  end

This creates a key named searches that is a Hash. Title, body, and tags get mashed together before save into a unique array of stemmed words and stored in searches.default.

You can index the terms individually or with any other combination of keys.

  Note.ensure_index :'searches.default' # or ...
  Note.ensure_index [[:user_id, Mongo::Ascending], [:'searches.default', Mongo::Ascending]]

You also get a search class method that returns a scope.

  # Returns Plucky::Query (MM Scope), no query actually fired
  Note.search('mongodb')

  # Gets everything matching mongodb
  Note.search('mongodb').all

  # Gets first page of everything matching mongodb
  Note.search('mongodb').paginate(:page => 1)

  # Counts everything matching mongodb
  Note.search('mongodb').count

  # Matches everything with any of the terms
  Note.search('mongodb is awesome')

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 John Nunemaker. See LICENSE for details.
